what's on the funny video show tonight
oh um a man taunts a goat a dog wears it
to pay a bird thinks it's a dog and baby
loves head rub huh oh do we have any
blank tapes yeah we should tape it yes
honey oh shit my god mark what's wrong
oh jesus ha how could I forget this oh
listen honey I should have told you this
a long time ago but before I met you I
committed a murder what oh shit
listen I knocked this guy out and I hung
him from a tree cuz I thought he was
stealing my newspapers I left him for
dead but somehow he got down and he
looked me up like a year later I still
run into him from time to time and I
just feel so bad cuz I'm gonna tried to
kill him for stealing those papers ooh
listen I ran into him on a week ago I
felt so bad I told him he could come
over any time for dinner buddy I have to
live with there's no you have to support
me hey listen if he tries to read any of
his dumbass poetry just be nice Mickey
hey come on in
hi mark
thanks for having me I hope it's no
bother it's no bother at all man no
bother
there's no newspaper on your porch I
hope you won't blame me Oh No good
because I wouldn't want you to try to
murder me again
Mickey I'm sorry about that okay
I really am hey meet my wife Gina Gina
this is Mickey Mickey Gina hi uh say why
any chance are you a murderer no oh good
then your children will only be half
murderer Mickey I said I was sorry about
trying to murder you man I really am
it was a mistake Oh a mistake Oh a bit
of a blooper huh oh really okay well
that's understandable because uh wait no
no no it's not no hey man can I get you
something to eat or can I get you a beer
uh I'll have a glass of water if you
don't mind
it hurts to swallow fizzy liquids okay
one glass of water coming up man
wait what's that color is that Oh class
water from Mickey hey buddy Mickey it
can I get you anything else
Oh mark you've done so much for me
already like let me think oh you turned
me into a living ghost no that's
something most people wouldn't do for
other people but then again I guess
that's what makes you the president of
our exclusive little Club the mark tried
to murder me club can I get just some
gum no no oh Clark you're not giving
this asshole any gum
honey I beg your pardon you heard me I
want you out of her house did your
husband happen to mention the flesh he
mentioned it but he didn't mention what
a manipulative ass you are you just
don't know when enough is enough do you
lady your husband tried to murder me
yeah well thank God he didn't right
there be one less trick roaming the
earth making everyone feel sorry for him
see ya bye okay fine I'll go let's see
what the police have to say about this
you son-of-a-bitch one second with how
many years did I have what I thought was
innocent blood on my hands hang on how
many nights have I lain awake sleepless
unable to tell anyone what I done half a
mo how many your stupid poems have I had
to listen to kill ya is it ours no but
it isn't his either
the name on the address label is Eugenia
O'Shaughnessy Oh
see honey you were right to kill him all
along maybe Eugenio Shaughnessy is his
grandmother's name I know from some of
his dumbass poems she might have given
this newspaper to him but I like to
think he stole it me too honey
meet you does your husband keep killing
the same man over and over again
if so then we want you to be a guest on
the DeLongpre dan and Joe call us okay
we're back
things got a little bit tense there
during the break but everything's okay
now
no Chris you wanted to say something to
Todd go ahead you can't tell me I can't
have this baby I want some love and this
baby's gonna love me I'm sick of all
y'all telling me what to do I'm my own
woman
now I see no job barely know this guy we
work at the same time only seem about
twice a week he working stuff you don't
have to love this baby but it's gonna
love you say something yes go ahead
okay now it's my professional
observation that Chris you have love
feelings for your child it's hot you're
also hurting I know how that feels
I'm seven feet tall let's go to the
audience
oh oh right okay Oh first I just wanna
say this gentleman he needs to check his
attitude cuz it's the 90s and that
sadness tomorrow man okay it's fake girl
you ought to be able to have your
imaginary baby because the most
wonderful thing in the world should be
an imaginary mother and me how to keep
my mouth shut
cuz my mama taught me you know to keep
my nose out of other people's business
[Applause]
the de'longhi Ferdinand show is brought
to you by old fisherman sticky pads for
use in medicine they're going they're
sticky doctors use them on your sticky
they can defeat your football and every
color of the ring blue ankle they're
great for young and old hey moms are
your kids doctors or are they buyers for
large hospitals or medical facilities
well then recommend old fisherman sticky
pads for hooking people up to machines
old fisherman's with more than one use
now for lie detectors
[Applause]